(theme music playing)
♪ Got a secret,
can you keep it ♪
♪ Swear this one
you'll save ♪
♪ Better lock it
in your pocket ♪
♪ Taking this one
to the grave ♪
♪ If I show you
then I know you ♪
♪ Won't tell what I said
♪ 'Cause two can
keep a secret ♪
♪ If one of them is dead
♪ 'Cause two
can keep a secret ♪
♪ 'Cause two can
keep a secret ♪
♪ 'Cause two
can keep a secret ♪
♪ If one of them is dead
("Say You'll Be There"
by Spice Girls playing)
No, my mom would kill me.
God, Angela, just
have some gum later.
♪ Giving you everything
♪ All that joy can bring
♪ This I swear
(coughing)
Don't worry.
You'll get used to it.
-Man: Hey!
-Oh shit, Angela. Hold this.
You girls smokin'
back here?
Not me. Just her.
Right, Angela?
Marjorie,
get the hell outta here.
You, come with me.
♪ This I swear
♪ Yes, I swear
♪ And all that
I want from you ♪
♪ Is a promise you
will be there ♪
(tense music playing)
Teen Marjorie:
Come on, Angela,
don't be mad.
Look,
I got you something...
as a thank you.
Teen Angela:
Are we friends, Marjorie?
♪
(phone ringing)
No phones in detention.
I'm sorry, Mrs. Murray,
but... it's my doctor.
I have to take this.
(softly)
Thank you.
Mr. Thompson,
thanks so much
for calling me back.
Mr. Thompson: (on phone)
Happy to chat, though I'm not
sure I can be much help.
I wasn't really in your
mother's friend group.
What about... Angela Waters?
She was also
a classmate of yours.
Mr. Thompson:
What would I know
about Angela Waters?
I'm trying to talk
to as many people
from your graduating class
as possible...
for a school project.
Were my mom
and Angela friends?
Mr. Thompson:
Look, I don't know
anything about Angela.
-No--
Mr. Thompson: So sorry.
I can't help you.
(call ends)
(softly)
Shit.
-Faran:
Thank god that's over.
-No shit. (chuckles)
Two weeks of detention
is nothing after juvie,
but... still.
It was lucky.
We were lucky.
So, what happens now?
What do you mean?
-I go back to "Swan Lake."
-And I go back to training,
counting the minutes
till my ankle monitor
comes off.
Are you asking about...
"A," Mouse?
It's been two weeks
and no more psychotic texts.
-Maybe he's moved on?
-What about... our moms?
Are we never
gonna tell them what
happened to Karen?
-Or to us?
-Not until we know more about
what really went down
with Angela Waters.
It's... weird.
I've been putting out calls,
but no one wants
to talk about her.
It's like she's a ghost
or an urban legend.
And you still think
Angela Waters
is somehow connected to A?
All of our moms knew her,
and we're their daughters.
There must be a reason
A is targeting us.
And the mystery continues.
Good luck with that.
(indistinct chatter)
Crap, I have to go back.
I gotta get something
from the A/V room.
You guys go ahead.
It might take me a minute.
Okay. Bye.
Hello? Anyone in here?
(tense music playing)
(indistinct chatter, laughter)
Student:
Get off me!
Shut the fuck up, Ty.
Dude, what? She did.
She came twice.
Trish is a fucking
nymphomaniac.
Greg:
I'm not talkin' about Trish.
I'm talkin' about you.
Dude, I came twice, too.
(laughs)
But I never pulled out.
I just stayed inside of her.
Greg:
Yo, get over yourself, bruh.
Trish is like the doorknob
of Millwood High.
We've all had our turn.
-I have some exciting news.
-Hm.
This lovely couple
put an offer
on your house, Imogen.
(swallows)
Really?
Already?
But... what about
all our stuff?
I was gonna
bring a crew in.
Pack things up,
clean the house.
Can I do it?
Sure.
We have a little time.
Mr. Smithee:
Class, for this assignment,
you'll be partnering up.
Together, you'll choose
one of the directors
on my approved list,
select a scene from a film
in their catalog,
and recreate it.
But first,
you'll pitch your vision
for the scene to the class.
Tell us what you want to
say with the piece,
why it's relevant today.
♪
Kelly,
are you switching
dance lockers?
Yeah, I like Karen's better.
(classical music playing)
Faran, I'd like you to do
a series of one-on-ones
to get back up to speed...
with Kelly.
I'll get caught up,
but can't I work with Henry?
Kelly's sister just died.
She doesn't need
more on her plate.
On the contrary.
Kelly has dedicated
herself to "Swan Lake,"
and it's been, I think,
a welcome positive distraction.
So, I'm doing this
not just for you,
though you need
the help badly...
-but for her.
-(whistle blowing)
("Never Gonna Learn"
by Emily Wolfe playing)
♪ Light it up you wanna
burn away the fear ♪
♪ I'm brighter in the dark
♪ You know I'll never
fall in love ♪
Be straight
with me, Coach.
(out of breath)
I'm weak.
Slow, right?
You're out of practice,
but we'll get you back
in fighting shape.
♪
♪ And I'm feelin' like
I'm never gonna learn ♪
Ash:
Like, the whole
premise of Spectrum
is to be inclusive,
so you should come
to a meeting.
Or... we could just
hang out at least.
Like, are you doing
anything for Halloween?
Usually I go to a midnight
movie at the Orpheum,
but I hear they're not
showing one this year.
-Your friend works there, right?
-Oh, yeah, Tabby.
She does.
Um, want me to ask why not?
No, it's cool...
but, I am in the mood
to dress up.
I was thinking I'm gonna
be Ziggy Stardust
or Freddie Mercury.
I've heard of a few
parties we could crash.
Oh, no. My moms never let
me go out on Halloween.
"Too... dangerous,"
they say.
(both chuckling)
I could come over.
We could hand out candy,
chill with your moms.
Oh, I would never
inflict that on anyone...
but especially not... you.
Let me see what I could
do about Halloween night.
I might be able to sneak out.
(light music playing)
(echoing laughter)
What do you
think, Imogen?
-Is it all ours?
-It's all ours.
Do you wanna go upstairs?
-Yes!
-(laughs) Okay.
(door opens)
(ominous music playing)
Hello?
Anyone there?
♪
(people chattering, laughing)
Excuse me!
-Can I help you?
-Oh my gosh. (laughs)
So sorry to bother you.
My husband and I,
we just put an offer
on this house,
and we're so excited,
so we just came by
to see it again.
And you're...
taking photos because?
To send to my folks.
Was this your house?
It still is my house.
(chuckles)
Did the real estate agent
tell you what happened in it?
Sidney:
So, I heard from my buyers.
Why would you say
those things, Imogen?
I just told
them the truth...
-that my mom died there.
-No.
You said that a woman
had been murdered there,
which is not the truth.
It's my house.
I hate the idea
of strangers living there.
Well, congratulations.
They're pulling their offer.
Guess it wasn't meant to be.
I wanted to spare
you from this,
but your mother was
in a lot of debt, Imogen.
I was hoping a sale
would cover what she owed.
Also, I heard from one
of my old classmates,
Don Thompson,
that you've been
calling around,
and asking questions
about Angela Waters.
-Why would you
be doing that?
-Because...
There is a connection between
what happened to Angela
and what happened to my mom,
and because you
won't tell us what it is.
Imogen, are you maybe
wanting to see something
that isn't there?
Or are you
trying to cover up something
that actually is there?
I want you to move on
from all this.
It's a little harder for me
to move on, Ms. Hayworth.
-My mom is dead.
-I meant move on
from Angela Waters.
What are you all hiding?
Why does no one want to
talk about Angela Waters?
You do need
to move on, Imogen.
And your house
needs to be sold,
so however else you
want to spend your time,
I'd finish picking out
what you want to save...
and say goodbye.
How about Sam Raimi?
-Mm.
-We could do a scene
from "The Evil Dead."
Ugh, no. No way.
I thought you loved
"Evil Dead."
It's just... that scene
where the woods attack
and basically rape that one girl
ruins the whole movie for me.
It's, like, did that
really need to happen?
So, uh, no "Evil Dead."
Raimi's not even
on Mr. Smithee's list,
but you know who is?
The Master
of the Macabre himself.
Female victims murdered
by masked male psychopaths.
Violence perpetrated against
women's bodies by men,
the foundation of almost
every horror movie.
If you draw a line
backwards through time,
through all the iconic
slasher movies
from "Scream" to "Halloween,"
it leads you back...
to the ur-killing
that started it all.
The shower scene from "Psycho."
I see.
So, you're going
to put yet another
vulnerable young woman
in Norman Bates'
crosshairs.
Funny how if there's gonna
be a naked murder victim,
people automatically assume
it's gonna be a woman.
But we're
changing it up.
Our victim will be
a vulnerable young man.
Our murderer...
will be a woman.
Different genders,
different power dynamics,
and none of that transphobic
panic shit, either.
Horror...
from the point of view
of the female gaze.
♪
Basically,
it's a contemporary
feminist take
on the shower scene
from "Psycho."
(chuckles)
So, who's down to be
my modern-day Marion Crane?
Baby on board.
Plus, your mom's
actually gonna murder me
if I don't finish
going through all
the stuff at my house.
Fair... Mouse?
This might be a good
time to tell you that
I don't really like
horror movies. Sorry.
Also fair.
Noa!
When and where
are you filming?
The boys' locker room.
It's part of my concept.
Principal Clanton
gave you permission
to do that?
Nope.
We're gonna have to do it
at night and break in.
Oh, a little B&E
right before getting
my monitor off?
And then there was one...
Faran?
If I agreed...
who's the guy I'd be killing?
What about
your ballet hottie?
Henry?
He's actually someone
I could see myself dating,
so I'd rather not stab
him to death. No.
Okay. Well...
this short is really,
really important to me.
I have to get it right.
So, I need a guy who isn't shy,
someone who won't balk
at being objectified.
(Greg shouting)
The legend is back!
Yeah, boys! What's up?
Someone like?
(indistinct chatter)
Well, he's definitely
done grieving.
Hey, Greg.
Got a second?
Hayworth...
What the fuck?
You made that video of Karen.
And it's truly
the biggest regret
of my life.
I've got a few of those.
And I know she fucked
with you and your friends.
She did.
But still, no excuse.
Look, Greg, I'm making
another video,
but don't worry,
this one's fully sanctioned.
Has anyone ever told you that
you look like Ryan Reynolds?
I saw you today
showin' off in the cafeteria.
Have you ever
thought about acting?
I don't know.
What's the movie?
It's for
Mr. Smithee's class.
Have you ever seen
Hitchcock's "Psycho"?
Girl stops at a motel,
takes a shower,
guy comes in, kills her,
but I'm flipping it,
and I need a guy
who's not shy,
confident in his own skin.
-Who else is
in the movie?
-Faran Bryant.
And I kill her?
No... She kills you.
But basically,
it-it's a shower scene
with hot girl, right?
-Mm-hm.
-Sweet.
I'm in.
Excellent.
Nice extension.
I'm sorry we have
to do this, okay?
Honestly,
I have no idea why Giry
even asked me to help you.
I'm not as good
of a dancer as you are.
But that doesn't matter
because I have
an asterisk by my name.
Asterisk,
Faran Bryant,
the only reason she got
cast as the Black Swan
is because she's Black.
At least... that's what
your sister said.
But...
she didn't actually
use that word,
-did she?
-Wow, Kelly...
I thought Karen
was the gaslighting
microaggressor,
not you.
That wasn't just
in my head.
Now, as to why you're
coaching me...
Giry also feels
sorry for you 'cause
your sister died.
So, let's just get through this,
all right?
Look...
we don't have
to practice together.
I'll just go
do my thing, and...
you just be a queen, girl.
You just be a queen, girl.
You must be keen
to get your ankle monitor
off later this week, huh?
I said, "Are you keen?"
I am.
Yeah, yes.
But I'm not done
with you yet.
If you meet
the requirements
of your probation
for one year exactly,
your record will
be wiped clean.
Otherwise, there will
be consequences.
Shawn:
You've been quiet, Noa.
Everything okay?
Yeah. It's just...
Sheriff Beasley's
riding my ass
to the bitter end.
That asshole.
If he only knew
the truth, right?
Shawn, don't start up
with that again, please.
-You're not even
supposed to know about--
-What really happened?
I'm sorry, but it's shitty that
you're dealing with any of this
when the person who's
really to blame is--
-(knocks on door)
-Marjorie: Hey, honey.
Hey, hey, Shawn.
I got off early.
Thought we could go
to a movie maybe?
Shawn, you're welcome
to join us.
Nah, I'm good, um.
I should be
getting home anyway,
but you guys go.
I'll talk to you later, babe.
(grunts)
(eerie music playing)
-Imogen: One more game?
-Davie: Yes, but
a different one.
Do you believe in ghosts?
(thunder rumbles)
-(knocks on door)
-Hey.
Can we hang out
after school tomorrow
with the girls?
A Losers Club reunion?
I'm down.
We're not shooting
till Wednesday night.
What's up?
I thought, maybe...
we could try
to contact my mother.
Hey, did you tell Kelly
that the only reason
she's coaching you is
because her sister died?
Why would you do that?
Because, Henry,
unlike everyone else,
I cannot pretend that
I suddenly like Kelly.
I'm not wired that way.
Sorry.
How about just having
sympathy for her?
It's hard to muster sympathy
for someone coaching you
when they're not
even a good dancer.
I disagree.
While you were
in detention,
I worked
with Kelly every day
and she's
gotten better.
A lot better.
It's almost like
I'm dancing
with Karen again.
Faran:
Like Karen? In what way?
Just... can you
cut her some slack?
(tense music playing)
I'm sorry, Kelly,
about how I acted
at our last sesh.
I was out of line, and...
I'm sorry about Karen.
I haven't even said
that to you yet.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
You must really miss her a lot.
It's...
hard to even think
about, honestly.
I remember reading
this article
about twins once
and it said that
sometimes when something
bad happens to one twin,
a trauma of some kind,
the other one
can feel it, too.
-It was a little bit
like that, yeah.
-Yeah.
You'd do pretty much
anything for each other.
I mean,
would've done anything
back when Karen was alive.
Yes.
I mean...
-yeah, she was my--
-Soulmate?
Best friend,
I was gonna say.
Yeah, that's...
her leotard you're
wearing, isn't it?
Maybe we should
get started.
Absolutely.
Um, I guess I'll start.
We're, um...
gathered here to make contact
with the spirit
of Davie Lee Adams...
my mom.
(tense music playing)
Mom...
it's me...
Imogen.
I guess what I really
want to know is...
are you okay?
Or... at peace?
-(gasps)
-Who's moving it?
-I-I'm not doing it.
-Uh, don't look at me.
Everyone,
take your hands off.
Mom...
what happened to you?
Did you...
Did you die... alone?
Or is there someone
else with you?
Did it have something
to do with Angela Waters?
Please.
I need to know.
There has to be
an explanation.
Why would you leave me?
(cries)
If you really did kill
yourself out of guilt,
then you had
to have known that
I'd be the one to find
you in the tub
and deal with
all this bullshit.
Alone.
Seriously?
You have nothing to say?
After everything that
you have put me through,
you abandoned me.
I have no one...
and nothing.
Say... something.
Please.
It is the least
that you could do.
-Imogen--
-Let her work it out.
You know what, Mom?
(yells)
Fuck you!
I hate you!
And you wanna
know what else?
I'm glad that this
place is selling
because I don't wanna
think about you anymore.
Can we please get
the fuck out of here?
Please?
Yes.
But, you're wrong...
about having no one.
Yeah...
you have us.
We're here for you, Imogen.
For sure. We are.
To quote "Chucky"...
(chuckles)
"Friends till the end."
-Yeah.
-(all chuckling)
(knocks on door)
How can we help you,
Sheriff?
Terms of your probation
allow me to make
unscheduled
drop-ins and searches.
Yeah,
but you haven't done
any this whole time.
I'll start in
your bedroom.
(tense music playing)
Bathroom?
-What are these?
-They're not mine.
They're magnesium
to help me sleep.
Oh my god. I got them
from the school nurse.
Ask her.
-(sighs)
-What a psycho.
What's in your bag, Mom?
You using again?
I sometimes
take a quarter Oxy
for my back pain
but that's it.
(sighs)
Noa:
These aren't even yours.
(door shuts)
Are you excited?
For what?
Are you kidding?
Today is your last day
wearing that ankle monitor.
Um, yeah.
Guess I'll be more
excited tomorrow.
Greg:
So, how do we even get
into the building tonight?
Uh, me.
I'm gonna hang out
after school
at the A/V studio,
and then at 9:00,
I'll meet everyone
at the side door.
It's a quick setup.
We should be shooting
by 10,
done by midnight.
And let me stress,
this is a somewhat
intimate scene,
so I wanna make sure
everyone feels safe
and supported,
and that we're in control.
You've got my shot list
and the storyboards I drew,
so there shouldn't
be surprises.
Any questions?
What are you
using for blood,
and am I getting
any on me?
Hm, Hitchcock used
Hershey syrup.
We're using corn syrup
mixed with red
food coloring,
and no,
like in the original,
the violence will be
implied more than shown.
Too bad, 'cause
I'm always down
for a meaningful exchange
of bodily fluids.
Tabby:
Okay, Greg,
that is exactly
the kind of bullshit
I don't wanna hear
on my set.
What about our costumes?
We will have them
waiting for you.
Full Marion Crane.
I have to wear
a costume?
You're wearing a Speedo.
That makes zero sense.
I wouldn't be showering
with a Speedo on.
We're not gonna see the Speedo.
We're shooting around it.
The nudity,
like the violence,
will be suggested.
Any other questions?
Yeah, in case this
turns into a porno,
are you guys
providing the condoms
or should I bring my own?
-Oh my god.
-What the actual fuck?
I'm just messin' around.
I hear you.
Okay?
Safe set, promise.
Tabby:
Thank you.
Moving on. (sighs)
(sighs)
(light music playing)
Davie:
I have a surprise for you.
(chuckles)
When I was your age,
I wrote everything down.
Hm. So do I...
right before I post it.
(chuckling)
This is for you
and nobody else.
Every girl has her secrets.
If you spark to it,
I'll get you another
one, okay?
And if you're like me,
you'll have them for life.
(gasps)
(grunts, sighs)
♪
(chuckles)
Tabby:
Thanks for doing this.
I'm happy for the distraction.
Is Kelly being awful?
Let's just say she's
giving off some serious
Karen vibes.
Mm.
Can I share kind of
a crazy theory with you
about Kelly being K--
Greg:
Hey, guys.
Never mind.
It's too crazy.
-Sorry, sorry.
-Ladies first.
Yeah, half pepperoni,
half cheese.
How long will that be?
-Great, thanks.
-(ends call)
(phone dings)
(ominous music playing)
-Faran: How was that?
-Good, but we're gonna go again,
and this time
what I'm looking for
is your intention.
I want to see it
in your eyes.
Hitchcock was all
about the eyeballs.
-My intention being?
-You had dinner with Norman.
You're attracted to him,
aroused by him,
so in true slasher fashion,
you're gonna penetrate him.
Oh, with your knife.
You're gonna stab him.
-Got it.
-Chip: All right, back to one.
And rolling.
And... action.
(staccato violins playing)
And cut!
Ooh, that was awesome!
It gave me literal chills.
Now, you can relax
and we're gonna move on
to Greg's coverage.
What am I supposed
to be doing?
Just showering?
For context,
you just had dinner
with Marion.
She gave you wine,
but didn't have
any herself.
Maybe she even
slipped something
into your drink.
You're vulnerable.
A damsel in distress.
-Yeah, right. A damsel?
-And then, Greg, while
you were just showering,
we are going to be
breaking the last taboo.
-What's the last taboo?
-Oh, it's nothing bad.
We're just going to show
a hot male body...
namely yours...
violated by
a female phallus...
Faran's!
-I'm gonna need like five.
-Five and we'll go.
(sighs)
(tense music playing)
Chip:
So, if we start on this shot,
we can move to this shot
and then I won't have
to change the lighting setup
until we get down here.
-Um--
-Oh my god.
He's totally naked.
-Where's your damn
Speedo, Greg?
-(laughs)
It was uncomfortable.
It was tugging at my balls.
-And isn't it more
authentic this way?
-Tabby: Why do you always
-have to be such
a fucking clown?
-I didn't hear you complaining
when you asked me to be
in your little movie.
And what the hell did
I say at our meeting?
That I wanted a safe set.
You naked, not safe, not cool.
Greg:
I don't mind personally,
and like you said,
I'm not shy because there is
-no reason to be.
-Tabby: Oh!
Plus, I gave up
carbs for this, so.
It's not about you!
It's disrespectful
to your costar!
Yo, Faran, you mind?
Ballet's a lot
raunchier than this.
We won't see
anything on camera.
We should roll soon, though.
It's gettin' kinda late.
Let's take another five.
-Chip: Tabby, Tabby,
where you goin'?
-For a walk.
(sighing)
(sniffling)
(ominous music playing)
(breathing heavily)
You're okay.
(exhales)
Chip, what's going on?
Oh, hey.
Everything okay?
You good?
I-I'm fine.
Where are Faran and Greg?
Oh, they just,
they just left.
But we barely got
half the scene.
I didn't know
where you were,
-and you weren't
answering your phone.
-I didn't have my phone.
Yeah, I know.
It's here.
But Faran and Greg
were gettin' kinda cold,
and wanted to go home,
so I finished the scene.
What do you mean?
You shot it?
Yeah, but d-don't worry.
I followed
the storyboards exactly.
Is that not okay?
No, it's fine.
Okay.
♪
(door buzzing)
Yes?
Delivery Driver:
Pizza delivery.
Finally.
Come on up.
Actually, uh, my car
is running, so...
Jesus.
I'll be right down.
(elevator dings)
(ominous music playing)
(glass clinking)
(elevator dings)
(doorknob jiggling)
♪
-(screaming) Help! Help! Help!
-(baby crying)
-Help!
-(banging on doors)
(breathing heavily)
(screaming)
-(screaming)
-(grunting)
♪
(grunts)
(panting)
(screams)
Fuck you!
Why don't you
come and get me,
you little bitch?!
(beeping)
What do you want?!
Just tell me!
Punish... the guilty.
The guilty?
Who's guilty?
Your mother.
(tense music playing)
(ringback tone)
Operator: (on phone)
Millwood General Hospital,
how may I direct your call?
(crying)
Security, please.
Operator:
One moment.
-Security: Security?
-(exhales)
One of your nurses...
Marjorie Olivar...
has been stealing drugs
from the hospital pharmacy.
Security:
Come again?
Check her purse.
(sobbing)
♪
(inaudible)
(Karen gasps)
Faran:
Thanks for meeting me, Henry.
Sure. What's up?
I need your help...
and I didn't want to
ask over text.
-Ooh, mysterious.
-This is gonna sound crazy,
but what if Karen's
not really dead?
Faran, we were at the dance.
We all saw her fall.
Yeah, but what if
that wasn't Karen?
What if it was...
Kelly?
They switched places
and pretended to be
each other all the time.
Faran, this is deranged.
You're the one
who said it, Henry.
"It's like dancing
with Karen."
Yes, like dancing
with Karen,
not actually
dancing with Karen.
It's other things, too.
Little clues.
But I figured out
a way to be sure.
Remember the razorblades
in Karen's pointe shoes?
Yeah?
If I'm right,
and Kelly is actually Karen,
she'd have some
kind of scar.
(scoffs)
And you want me to do
your dirty work and check?
All you have to do
is offer to give her
a foot rub during PT.
And if there's no scar?
I'll let it go.
Promise.
(bell rings)
Imogen:
I found my mom's diaries.
All of them.
-What do they say?
-It's what they don't say.
This one's from our
moms' senior year.
The entries slow down
to a trickle, then stop,
-but before that--
-Some of the pages are torn out.
Exactly. Why would a girl rip
out pages from her own diary?
I mean, the whole point is
that it's private, right?
Unless there was
something so bad
she wanted to rip it
out of existence,
even for herself.
And what, you think she
destroyed the pages?
Or they're hidden?
Maybe somewhere in my house.
Jesus,
what happened to you?
Did you get your
ankle monitor off?
I did this morning.
(sighs) Guys...
A's back.
And he came after me
in person to my building.
-Why you?
-Noa: According to
the text he sent,
because of something
my mom did to Angela Waters.
("Horror Movie"
by Skyhooks playing)
♪ Watched a horror movie
right there on my TV ♪
♪ Horror movie
♪ Shockin' me right
outta my brain ♪
♪ Watched a horror movie
right there on my TV ♪
♪ Horror movie
♪ Shockin' me right
outta my brain ♪
♪ It's bound to get ya in,
getcha under your skin ♪
♪ Hit you right on
the chin, oh yeah ♪
♪ It's bound
to be a thriller ♪
to be a chiller ♪
♪ It's bound to be
a killer, oh yeah ♪
♪ Watched a horror movie
right there on my TV ♪
♪ Horror movie
♪ Shockin' me right
outta my brain ♪
-(typing)
-(dings)